[Music]
what happens every five seconds on earth
you might think that not a lot can
happen in five seconds in that time you
could blink reach for an object or get
out of bed but around the world in the
whole universe and inside your own body
there are thousands and even millions of
processes taking place in that tiny
amount of time to get ready because some
of these facts will take you for a wild
ride and make your head spin as always
don't forget to click the subscribe
button and turn on notifications to join
us on the bright side of life nature
every five seconds an earthquake with a
magnitude of two or higher has completed
30 percent of its journey toward Earth
after 60 seconds for earthquakes will
have shaken up the world as a relatively
large insects bees would be expected to
beat their wings slowly however a bee
beats its wings about 1,150 times every
five seconds every five seconds a fruit
fly which is 80 times smaller than a
honeybee will flap its wings 1,000 times
every five seconds five hundred
lightning bolts strike earth and each
bolt carries about 1 billion volts of
electricity in the time it takes for a
human to blink and focus a woodpecker
can hammer its beat 12.5 times for every
5 seconds every 5 seconds a mosquito
beats its wings approximately 2,000
times if you haven't gone to Niagara
Falls you can add it to your bucket list
over 15,000 800 tons of water flow
through Niagara Falls every 5 seconds
every 5 seconds the area of trees cut
down averages the size of 2.5 football
fields
social media every five seconds Facebook
gets 33.3 three new users proving that
it's the largest social network in the
world every five seconds there are
around 20 6417 status updates on
Facebook every five seconds there are
around 37,000 333 new tweets as one of
the most used messenger apps in the
world users of whatsapp send two million
four hundred sixteen thousand 667
messages every five seconds every five
seconds
LinkedIn gets about 10 new users showing
that Instagram is a platform to be
reckoned with 4051 photos are posted by
people from all walks of life every five
seconds consumption as one of the
biggest fast food companies in the world
McDonald's sells 375 hamburgers every
five seconds about thirty two iPhones
are sold every five seconds on days like
prime Day and Cyber Monday
Amazon enjoys its biggest sales during
those days they sell over three thousand
items every five seconds every five
seconds
people consume around nine hundred fifty
eight thousand three hundred thirty
three pounds of food around the world
are you currently one of them
unfortunately we waste almost half as
much every five seconds humans waste
around four hundred fifty four thousand
one hundred fifty two pounds of food
every five seconds around 10,000 pounds
of edible food is thrown away in the
United States despite health concerns
the world still loves coca-cola every
five seconds fifty two thousand two
hundred fifty cans of coke are consumed
though KitKat's are pretty tasty
they aren't the most popular candy even
so every five seconds two thousand
ninety KitKat bars are eaten Americans
will throw about three thousand four
hundred seventy-five plastic bottles
into the trash every five seconds every
five seconds the planet uses a whopping
200 thousand gallons of oil to keep the
world working every five seconds four
hundred fifty three thousand four
hundred fifty pounds of garbage is being
created around the world daily living
packing up your house and moving can be
a difficult ordeal yet every five
seconds twelve people will set their
eyes on a new horizon and move out of
their home every five seconds almost ten
people will decide to take the next step
in their relationship and get married
the whole world loves to buy online
products and one of the major carriers
involved in all of those deliveries is
UPS
it delivers 19 million 100 documents and
packages every day every five seconds
UPS sets down around nine hundred forty
three packages in people's mailboxes and
on their doorsteps every five seconds
one crime will be committed in England
and Wales every five seconds almost five
airplanes will take off into the skies
carrying happy travelers to their
destinations there are around 21 babies
born worldwide every five seconds every
five seconds about nine people die
[Music]
Internet usage every five seconds 2000
hours of video are uploaded to YouTube
music videos from your favorite artists
pranks videos by YouTube stars and much
more every 5 seconds people turn to
Google and input over 200,000 search
queries showing how much people love
YouTube every 5 seconds it has over 600
27,000 30 views with people watching
how-to videos original YouTube
programming and channels that brighten
up your day like bright side wealth
while many people are planning how to
increase their wealth the richest man in
the world who is currently alive
Jeff Bezos earns 19,000 167 dollars
every 5 seconds as one of the biggest
entertainment figures Oprah Winfrey will
learn about 44 dollars every 5 seconds
even when she's sleeping or talking on
the phone or browsing Twitter Apple the
massive technology company will earn
around five thousand eight hundred
seventy two dollars every five seconds
that's more than a whole month's wages
in many countries one of Apple's biggest
competitors Samsung earns around four
thousand five hundred thirty one dollars
every five seconds do you prefer Apple
or Samsung human body every five seconds
you'll blink around 1.5 times by the end
of one minute the average person will
have blinked 15 to 20 times every five
seconds half a million chemical
reactions take place in your body can
you imagine how it would be if we could
feel ourselves processing these chemical
reactions
heart rates vary according to a person's
age health gender and many other factors
but every five seconds on average
your heart will beat between five and
eight times this one's a little racy
every five seconds around six thousand
nine hundred forty two people are having
sex every five seconds your blood will
have circulated through 25% of your body
by the time you reach a minute your
blood will have traveled fully through
your body a total of three times every
five seconds your heart will pump around
0.41 quarts of blood every five seconds
a person takes 1 to 1.5 breaths
breathing varies according to the person
but people take an average of 12 to 20
breaths every minute thinking about this
next back too much might be a little
daunting for those who are easily
grossed out every 5 seconds your skin
sheds between 2,500 and 3033 dead cells
without you realizing it unless you're
counting the average person can have
around 3.5 different thoughts come into
their head every five seconds at this
rate it's easy to see how some people
get mentally tired so easily in a full
day a person can have between 60,000 and
80,000 thoughts even if you're taking it
easy today your body is still being
productive every five seconds your body
produces an estimated 15 million red
blood cells to compensate for the red
blood cells that die at the same rate
they have the important function of
carrying oxygen and removing carbon
dioxide from your body the universe
though it might look relatively calm
from our point of view the Sun flings
five tons of matter into space every 5
seconds even if you're sitting cozily at
home and nothing seems to be happening
outside every 5 seconds the
universe expands approximately 211 miles
so tell us bright ciders what was the
most surprising fact you encounter let
us know in the comments section don't
forget to give this video a like share
it with your friends and click subscribe
to stay on the bright side
you